and then moçada okay to let another in
computer science in the kitchen
this time with a very simple recipe
very quickie that's what I learned already makes a
time I never did call ice cream
the real mass ice cream is a
simulation of a mass of a just is just
made of ice cream for people like
I like that this dessert is very
legal mainly now at this time
of heat but before I start this
Let me explain to you, speaking of
that there are some smaller ones that
are called mass memory or hd
sometimes in proof they refer to him as
ht hard disk mass storage
sometimes up to 20 bosses have hard drive
Look at the different name for yourself.
character is and is a mass memory
because it can store
a very large amount of
information
there are computers that do not need the
hp are there made computers or other
simple draw are these computers
which are used in call centers
would normally be very expensive to have
several computers as a
work for each employee
I have a box like a box like
which is used to reduce costs
and this maybe customer does not have to
does not have this mass memory
it has to use the hd of a server ok
It is good to take now to understand how
does
the real ice cream is good
a look there very well what we are going
need a container with one hand
so I can get the ice cream
I'll need something too.
serve as a sauce for the ice cream
is something that will serve as a kid for the
grated coconut cream crutcher
potatoes that I improvised here by pulling
these holes that have here on the side to
stay with the holes here
background and a final dock that is a
mint sprig and we'll need
also an ice cream is spending a
money here to buy
this ice cream that you know the brand alone
that I can not keep spreading is
here 's a nice ice cream very well
very simple and nothing should go wrong
this time
just take the ice cream is that the
ice cream with little way puts in
potato squeezer put one more
ball
I believe it should be enough
so two good here is now the following
I will prepare here to squeeze as if
I had squeezed potatoes and the
result will be this
I just broke the squeezer
potatoes
It's amazing they can go wrong they can always
go wrong
Okay and now get the sauce means
in fact it will replace the sauce
for the arianos dessert like this
here is very good here
the final touch see that you also put a
little coconut grated to
representing the cheese has already made everything out of
order places leaflets here and there as
got our dough ice cream
this is the real ice cream of mass and
Did you see that nothing went wrong?
It's a delight to try it out that got good
simply wonderful is not in my
name is the end we'll see each other
in the other video
a hug